Fix description of the gridded bathymetry data format in docs (#134)
trixi-framework/HOHQMesh: Documentation/docs/introduction.md

  - Setting how the mesh should be [smoothed](the-control-input.md#Smoother)
  - Defining optional [refinement regions](the-control-input.md#RefinementRegions) to allow manual refinement of the mesh to emphasize specific regions not indicated by the boundary curves or topography.

HOHQMesh will automatically generate a mesh with curved elements sized according to the geometry, like the curvature of the boundary curves and bottom topography, and the distance between boundary curves. It will generate a mesh that is symmetric about a symmetry line if segments of the outer boundary are defined as [symmetry boundaries](the-model.md#Symmetry).

Additionally, you can generate an all [hexahedral](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes) mesh by extruding a quadrilateral mesh by

- [Simple extrusion](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Extrusion) along a coordinate direction
- [Simple rotation](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Rotation) about an axis
- [Sweeping](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Sweeping) a quadrilateral mesh along a curve and optionally [scaling](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Scaling) the width along the way

> In hexahedral mesh you can have the bottom of the hexahedral mesh follow a prescibed [topography](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Topography) defined in functional form or from data. The mesh can also be [sized](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#SizingTopography) according to the curvature of the bottom topography.

Author: ```suggestion
One can have the bottom of a hexahedral mesh follow a prescribed [topography](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#Topography) defined in functional form or from data. The mesh can also be [sized](three-dimensional-hexahedral-meshes.md#SizingTopography) according to the curvature of the bottom topography.
```

Reviewer: Done.
